[TASK] Polish the README a bit (#1159)
TYPO3-Console/TYPO3-Console: README.md

# TYPO3 Console

TYPO3 Console (`helhum/typo3-console`) provides a clean way to register commands and
a sane way to call these commands through the TYPO3 core command line tool called `typo3`.

### Important information for longtime users

> **Since version 8.0.0, the extra binary `typo3cms` is removed and superseded with the core binary `typo3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The CLI binary `typo3cms` was removed with version 8.0.0 and is replaced by the TYPO3 CLI binary `typo3`.
```

Reviewer 2: @oliverklee any reason you marked this as resolved? I actually find @mbrodala version much more accessible

Author: Oh, I'm sorry, I did not intend to do that. I think I misclicked or forgot to take it. Yes, please let's have the change.
